README.md, before:

# WorkHub

WorkHub is a freelancer platform desktop application built with Python, Tkinter, and Supabase. It provides a modern interface for freelancers to manage projects, profiles, and settings, with persistent data storage via Supabase.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
.
├── .env                  # Environment variables (Supabase credentials)
├── .gitignore            # Git ignore file
├── app.py                # Main application entry point
├── README.md             # Project documentation
├── requirements.txt      # Python dependencies
├── start.sh              # Shell script to launch the app
├── views/                # UI views for dashboard, profile, projects, settings
│   ├── dashboard.py
│   ├── profile.py
│   ├── projects.py
│   ├── settings.py
│   └── __pycache__/
├── windows/              # Tkinter windows for login, signup, dashboard
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── dashboard.py
│   ├── login.py
│   ├── signup.py
│   └── __pycache__/
```

- **app.py**: Initializes the Tkinter root window, loads environment variables, and launches the login/signup windows.
- **views/**: Contains the main content views for dashboard, projects, profile, and settings.
- **windows/**: Contains window logic for login, signup, and dashboard navigation.
- **requirements.txt**: Lists all required Python packages.
- **start.sh**: Bash script to activate the virtual environment and start the app.
- **.env**: Stores Supabase URL and API key (not committed to version control).

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/workhub.git
cd workhub
```

### 2. Set Up Python Environment

It is recommended to use a virtual environment:

```sh
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install Dependencies

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Configure Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the project root with your Supabase credentials:

```
SUPABASE_URL="https://your-project.supabase.co"
SUPABASE_KEY="your-supabase-api-key"
```

> **Note:** Never share your Supabase key publicly.

### 5. Run the Application

You can start the app using the provided shell script:

```sh
bash start.sh
```

Or run directly with Python:

```sh
python3 app.py
```

---

## 🖥️ Features

- **User Authentication:** Sign up and log in with Supabase Auth.
- **Dashboard:** Overview of projects, tasks, earnings, and recent activity.
- **Projects:** View all projects from Supabase.
- **Profile:** View and edit freelancer profile, including skills and bio.
- **Settings:** (Coming soon)

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Python 3**
- **Tkinter** (GUI)
- **Supabase** (Backend: Auth & Database)
- **dotenv** (Environment management)

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or submit pull requests for improvements.

---

Commit message:

Update README with correct repository URL and add test credentials for application

README.md, after:

# WorkHub

WorkHub is a freelancer platform desktop application built with Python, Tkinter, and Supabase. It provides a modern interface for freelancers to manage projects, profiles, and settings, with persistent data storage via Supabase.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
.
├── .env                  # Environment variables (Supabase credentials)
├── .gitignore            # Git ignore file
├── app.py                # Main application entry point
├── README.md             # Project documentation
├── requirements.txt      # Python dependencies
├── start.sh              # Shell script to launch the app
├── views/                # UI views for dashboard, profile, projects, settings
│   ├── dashboard.py
│   ├── profile.py
│   ├── projects.py
│   ├── settings.py
│   └── __pycache__/
├── windows/              # Tkinter windows for login, signup, dashboard
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── dashboard.py
│   ├── login.py
│   ├── signup.py
│   └── __pycache__/
```

- **app.py**: Initializes the Tkinter root window, loads environment variables, and launches the login/signup windows.
- **views/**: Contains the main content views for dashboard, projects, profile, and settings.
- **windows/**: Contains window logic for login, signup, and dashboard navigation.
- **requirements.txt**: Lists all required Python packages.
- **start.sh**: Bash script to activate the virtual environment and start the app.
- **.env**: Stores Supabase URL and API key (not committed to version control).

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/BettKev/WorkHub
cd workhub
```

### 2. Set Up Python Environment

It is recommended to use a virtual environment:

```sh
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install Dependencies

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Configure Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the project root with your Supabase credentials:

```
SUPABASE_URL="https://your-project.supabase.co"
SUPABASE_KEY="your-supabase-api-key"
```

> **Note:** Never share your Supabase key publicly.

### 5. Run the Application

You can start the app using the provided shell script:

```sh
bash start.sh
```

Or run directly with Python:

```sh
python3 app.py
```

---

## 🖥️ Features

- **User Authentication:** Sign up and log in with Supabase Auth.
- **Dashboard:** Overview of projects, tasks, earnings, and recent activity.
- **Projects:** View all projects from Supabase.
- **Profile:** View and edit freelancer profile, including skills and bio.
- **Settings:** (Coming soon)

-Note: use the following test credentials to test the application (email: testuser1@gmail.com, password: 123456)

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Python 3**
- **Tkinter** (GUI)
- **Supabase** (Backend: Auth & Database)
- **dotenv** (Environment management)

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open issues or submit pull requests for improvements.

---
